**_openssl req -newkey rsa:2048 -nodes -x509 -days 365 -keyout key.pem -out certificate.pem_**

#####openssl:
 This is the basic command line tool for creating and managing OpenSSL certificates, keys, and other files.
#####req:
 This subcommand specifies that we want to use X.509 certificate signing request (CSR) management. The "X.509" is a public key infrastructure standard that SSL and TLS adheres to for its key and certificate management. We want to create a new X.509 cert, so we are using this subcommand.
#####-x509: 
This further modifies the previous subcommand by telling the utility that we want to make a self-signed certificate instead of generating a certificate signing request, as would normally happen.
#####-nodes:
 This tells OpenSSL to skip the option to secure our certificate with a passphrase. We need Apache to be able to read the file, without user intervention, when the server starts up. A passphrase would prevent this from happening because we would have to enter it after every restart.
#####-days 365:
 This option sets the length of time that the certificate will be considered valid. We set it for one year here.
#####-newkey rsa:2048:
 This specifies that we want to generate a new certificate and a new key at the same time. We did not create the key that is required to sign the certificate in a previous step, so we need to create it along with the certificate. The rsa:2048 portion tells it to make an RSA key that is 2048 bits long.
#####-keyout:
 This line tells OpenSSL where to place the generated private key file that we are creating.
#####-out:
 This tells OpenSSL where to place the certificate that we are creating.
 
 
 
 _**openssl dhparam -out dh-strong.pem 2048**_
 
 Diffie–Hellman Strong(er) Parameters
 In order to skip some complicated math, let’s cut to the chase. In very simple terms, there are two different keys used
  for encryption, the certificate we get from the certificate authority and one that’s generated by the server for key 
  exchange. The default key for key exchange (also called Diffie–Hellman key exchange, or DH) uses a “smaller” key than
   the one for the certificate. In order to remedy this, we’ll generate a strong DH key and feed it to our secure server
    for use.
 
 
 
 
 
 
  **_openssl pkcs12 -inkey key.pem -in certificate.pem -export -out certificate.p12_**
  
  Combine your key and certificate in a PKCS#12 (P12) bundle:
  
  #####For authorized domain name we can use 'letsencrypt' to create certificate
  certbot certonly --webroot -w /www/ssl/ -d www.messageme.com -d messageme.com

